[Music]
foreign
[Applause]
[Music]
north korea on sunday said u.s president
joe biden was made up in london in his
first congressional address last week
saying that his remarks indicate a
hostile policy
ponjangan director general of the u.s
affairs department
at the north's foreign ministry said
biden's policy is now clear
so the north will have to take
corresponding measures and with time
the u.s will find itself in a very grave
situation
a separate statement accused the u.s of
engaging in political chicanery last
week
when the u.s state department called
north korea one of the most repressive
and totalitarian states in the world
there will be
responses if they choose to escalate
we will respond accordingly but i'm also
prepared
for some form of diplomacy
but it has to be conditioned upon the
end result
of denuclearization diplomacy can you
define what you mean and
former president obama warned the
incoming
president trump that north korea was
the top foreign policy issue that he was
washing
is that how you assess the crisis in
north korea yes